Add support for image classification (#226)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/pipelines.mdx

# Optimum pipelines for inference

> The [`~pipelines.pipeline`] function makes it simple to use models from the [Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) for accelerated inference on a variety of tasks such as question answering or image classification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`~pipelines.pipeline`] function makes it simple to use models from the [Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) for accelerated inference on a variety of tasks such as text classification, question answering, and image classification.
```
I think that it makes sense to list them all, as they are typical and quite different examples.

Author: Actually all the supported tasks are listed a few lines below. My point was to show that it is not only NLP and not only classification (which is why I replaced "text classification" by "question answering"). But your suggestion is fine, I'm going to integrate it :)

## Transformers pipeline usage

The [`~pipelines.pipeline`] function is just a light wrapper around the `transformers.pipeline` function to enable checks for supported tasks and additional features

> , like quantization and optimization. This being said you can use the `transformers.pipeline` and just replace your `AutoFor*` with the optimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, like quantization and optimization. This being said you can use the `transformers.pipeline` and just replace your `AutoModelFor*` with the optimum
```

 `ORTModelFor*` class.

```diff
from transformers import AutoTokenizer, pipeline
-from transformers import AutoModelForQuestionAnswering
+from optimum.onnxruntime import ORTModelForQuestionAnswering

-model = AutoModelForQuestionAnswering.from_pretrained("deepset/roberta-base-squad2")

> +model = ORTModelForQuestionAnswering.from_pretrained("optimum/roberta-base-squad2")

Reviewer 2: Thanks for fix!
